Introduce Pull Request Template for subproject changes (#20)
ros-tooling/community: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Working Group Modification Pull Request

Use this template for all contributions to Projects or Governance of this Working Group.
For membership changes (except Subproject Owner, use Modify Project below), please instead open an issue using the appropriate issue template.

Use the relevant following section and delete the rest, as well as this introduction, for this Pull Request's content.

# Add Project

## Description
* What is this tool?
* Why should this tool be maintained by the Working Group?

In your changes, you have added a list item to "Subprojects" in `README.md`, following this format:

```
* PROJECT_NAME
  * Description: One sentence description of the project being added.
  * Owners
    * List of one or more owners in the format:
    * Real Name @github-alias
  * Repositories
    * One or more repositories that are in this project as full links, e.g.
    * https://github.com/ros-tooling/cross_compile
```

# Modify Project

* What modification is being made to a Working Group Subproject?
* Why?

> In your Pull Request, you have modified the relevant section.

Reviewer: This doesn't quite follow the same pattern as the other sections.

```suggestion
In your changes, you have modified the relevant section in `README.md`.
```

# Deprecate Project

* Which Subproject are we removing from the scope of the Working Group?
* Why?

> In your changes, you have removed the relevant Subproject list item.

Reviewer: Mentioning that modification of the README in particular is what will be needed.
```suggestion
In your changes, you have removed the relevant Subproject list item from `README.md`.
```
